add check success criteria block for week 3 html (#281)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: content/blocks/success-criteria/index.md

+++
title="✅ Check module success criteria"
headless="true"
time= 10
+++

Use this time to check over the success page this module.

> You can find the module success page at [the top level of your module](../../success)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the module success page at [the top level of your module](../../../success)
```

> You can find the success page at https://curriculum.codeyourfuture.io/MODULE_NAME/success

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the module success page at [the top level of your module](../../success)
```
